# CS210_Fall23_Term_Project

My project is aiming to give some valuable information about my listening habits and taste of songs while searching for a question that I have in my mind. This question is about the genres of musics that I put in my playlists. If I can see the deviation of genres and their prevalence among my data, I can take new decisions such as exploring new type of songs. This was my motivation of studying on this project and search for new coding techniques so that I can have extended knowledge on my data. Furthermore, I have got a playlist called 'Various' and it contains 389 songs from different artists, languages, etc. Additionally, I used this playlist as my project material because the importance of data has been significantly getting important and becoming widespread, especially after the pandemics. That is why I collected my data from a Spotify analyzer by scraping it. Also, I collected a more general data about my account by requesting it from Spotify. Shortly, I used them in order to test my hypothesis, and see the shape of my data. I used different techniques such as exploratory data analysis, various data visualization, and machine learning algorithms. In addition to this, I tested my null hypothesis by determining the p-value and comparing it with the significance level, so that I can reject it or not. I found out that my data is rational since I was able to find the correct answer about rejecting or failing to reject my hypothesis correlating with my data. Moreover, I was shocked about the deviation, diversity, and number of types of genres. Other than that, I am quite happy with the results because of the fact that I see that I have a taste of music related to my moods. The distribution of my data is suitable for data projects since it does not depend on stereotypes. 

As I stated before, the data that I received from Spotify has no information about the genre of a song. So I used beautifulSoup, but I used that Spotify data as well as an extra study on my project.

Link of my presentation document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1U6jerPR9LDWgG9s6ZbJ9sVzGkmKUr5A5caoh8aHLKxI/edit?usp=drive_link



